# Voice Jam Project

This program is a computer bully. It's original purpose was to simply repeat what the user says to it with a simple annoyance at the end of the speech like "duh". After I did that, I decided to add some visuals along with the empty void of sound. I decided to put a robot head where the eyes would follow the mouse and the mouth would light up every time the computer speaks. I then decided to add some more complexities in the voice recognition by analyzing the beginning of the string to change the types of responses. For example, if the sentence starts with "your" or "you're" or "you are", the computer bully will replace the beginning of that speech with yo mama. I did the same thing for any sentence starting with "i'm" or "i am" to make the computer say the classic dad joke "hello (insert sentence), i'm dad". I made the computer capable fo simply ignoring what the user says 20% of the time to make it seem more like a bully. I also added a command callback constant to make it seem more interactive. Part of the command callback was a origin story for the robot. I made the robot tell the story in sections (beginning, middle, end) so that the user only gets a part of it whenever he asks. I also made it 5 different options for each section so there would be 125 different stories possible. My goal with this project was to make an annoying computer bully and to practice different types of code i'm unfamiliar with, such as making and using a JSON file, using command and callbacks, and using a switch case statement. This project works best with headphones because the computer will pick up feedback from the speakers. 